sync governance description (#98457)
pytorch/pytorch: README.md

PyTorch is a community-driven project with several skillful engineers and researchers contributing to it.

PyTorch has adopted a [hierarchical technical governance structure.](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/master/docs/source/community/governance.rst)

### Thank You

> PyTorch would like to recognize Emeritous maintainer efforts comming from [Adam Paszke](https://apaszke.github.io/), [Sam Gross](https://github.com/colesbury), [Soumith Chintala](http://soumith.ch) and [Gregory Chanan](https://github.com/gchanan) as well as major contributions coming from hundreds of talented individuals in various forms and means.

Reviewer: nit: just passing by to mention some typos
```suggestion
PyTorch would like to recognize Emeritus maintainer efforts coming from [Adam Paszke](https://apaszke.github.io/), [Sam Gross](https://github.com/colesbury), [Soumith Chintala](http://soumith.ch) and [Gregory Chanan](https://github.com/gchanan) as well as major contributions coming from hundreds of talented individuals in various forms and means.
```

Author: thx addressed..
